README.md, before:

# Vue Todo List

## Description

The oldie but goldie Todo List but this time with Vue!

Try it here: <a href="https://readpato.github.io/vue-todo-list/">Demo</a>

### Technologies Used

For this project the technologies and tools used were:

- Vue
- Tailwind CSS
- Vite
- Vitest
- NPM
- Cypress

#

## Installation

As this project runs with Vue and Cypress you will have to have NPM or Yarn similar and then run this little code snippet on the CLI.

```
npm install
```

This will allow to download the dependencies you need to run the Todo List properly.

#

## Utilization

The Todo List allows you to save your pending activities on a list!

Simply write a task on the input field and then either click the plus or hit enter on your keyboard and bam! A new task has been created.

<img  src="" align="center">

If the checkbox on the left is clicked the user will be able to style the text of the task with a strikethrough!

<img  src="" align="center">

If the user desires to eliminate a task it can simply click the 'X' icon to the right of the task field and delete it!

<img  src="" align="center">

When there are no more tasks in the task list, a field displaying "No tasks for now!" will appear.

<img  src="" align="center">

#

## Challenges Faced

- Using Vue.js for the first time!

#

## What I learned

- Being the first time using a major framework, I learned that documentation is really important. If it's good redacted, it will help the consumer to understand concepts way faster.

- Creation of Vue components named Single File Components (SFC) that encapsulates JavaScript(the logic), HTML(the template) and CSS(the style).

- How to create an app instance, text interpolation (using the Mustache syntax), directive bindings as v-bind, v-on and their respective users.

- How to use the Vue Developer Tools and Vue CLI.

- Installing SASS as a global module to be of use for all the components of the application.

#

## Support

If some error should appear, you can contact me through:

- Twitter: @patoraedler
- Email: patoraedler@gmail.com

#

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate :)

#

## Author

Patrick Raedler.

#

Commit message:

docs: Update documentation explanation
The documentation of the todo app has been properly updated to reflect the learning process and how the app should be used. Some images for the GitHub repo have also been added

README.md, after:

# Vue Todo List

## Description

The oldie but goldie Todo List but this time with Vue!

Try it here: <a href="https://readpato.github.io/vue-todo-list/">Demo</a>

### Technologies Used

For this project the technologies and tools used were:

- Vue
- Tailwind CSS
- Vite
- Vitest
- Cypress
- NPM

#

## Installation

As this project runs with Vue and Cypress you will have to have NPM or yarn and then run this little code snippet on the CLI.

```
npm install
```

This will allow to download the dependencies you need to run the Todo List properly.

#

## Utilization

The Todo List allows you to save your pending activities on a list!

Simply write a task on the input field and then either click the plus or hit enter on your keyboard and bam! A new task has been created.

<img  src="" align="center">

If the checkbox on the left is clicked the user will be able to style the text of the task with a strikethrough!

<img  src="" align="center">

If the user desires to eliminate a task it can simply click the 'X' icon to the right of the task field and delete it!

<img  src="" align="center">

When there are no more tasks in the task list, a field displaying "No tasks for now!" will appear.

<img  src="" align="center">

#

## Challenges Faced

- Utilizing different Vue concepts to create a fully reactive web application.

- Learning the Tailwind utility classes.

- Using local storage to keep the data for the next time the user enters the webpage.

#

## What I learned

- Being this the first app that I code by myself I have acquired lot of knowledge:

  - Creating a Vue app which is going to be divided into children components. It's always better to design how the structure of the app is going to be so you can have an idea of it.

  - Vue directives and reactivity fundamentals that let you connect the data that will change throughout the application and keep the state of it.

  - Events go up, props go down. Basically events that happen are emitted from a child component and are sent upwards and then another child component that belongs to the original parent component can pass down that information as props!

  - Options API is pretty easy to understand if you want to start learning Vue, but I am definetly going to try the composition API!

- Tailwind CSS utility classes are pretty useful to design an app. With a good foundation on vanilla CSS it can be really easy to bring an up to it's feet design-wise!

- Vite is an optimal building tool. The time that it took each time to load my app was incredibly fast.

#

## Support

If some error should appear, you can contact me through:

- Twitter: @patoraedler
- Email: patoraedler@gmail.com

#

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate :)

#

## Author

Patrick Raedler.

#
